Another thing that we can do with strings is we can simply replace value so we can have a placeholder
value and have it work as a template.
Updating the content that's being contained within it.
So it's first of all create a name and this is just regular name.
And next let's create our message.
So our message is actually going to include the name and we're going to replace the content directly
that's contained within the message rate using javascript templates.
So we've got the dollar sign and the curly brackets and then what's in here is where we need to place
the declare the variable value there the variable name there so we can place that within the name.
And then let's just add in was here today.
So see what happens so go back into the browser refresh it.
So he didn't throw any errors.
If we type in name we get the name if we type in message.
What do you think we're going to see within message.
And if you said that name is going to be replaced with the actual value of name you're correct.
So it actually works as we've seen with templates.
We're able to replace values.
So these are the new template literals that give us the power to simply update that content directly
within that variable without having to do anything else.
So it just knows that this means that we're replacing it with the value of name.
So what happens if we try to replace it with one that doesn't exist.
And if I refresh it then we throw an error.
So if you are doing this make sure that they do exist when you're trying to insert it into the template
so we can also.
So the other thing we know is we can change those values.
So if I change the value to John and if I go and if I refresh then what what do you think is going to
be contained within message.
So we're still out Lawerence because it's coming down from that sequence.
But if I take this statement and if I place it after my reassignment of the value for name and if I
refresh it like this.
Now if I do message that we see that the message is.
John was here today.
So what I want you to do now is pause the video and use this within a function.
So console logging out calling to a function and then pass that parameter into the function so pass
jaunt into the function and then have the function build that output message output into the console
and also return it so that when where console logging it.
We see it in there as well.
So go ahead and do that and add this into a function turned us into a function and I'll show you the
solution coming up.
So we saw that we can declare the name there.
And we also saw that we can change the value of the name and we can update a value within a template.
So let's wrap this within a function.
So this one is going to be called update message.
We're going to take our one parameter that's going to get passed in here.
And remember with LET and Konst.
So they're going to work the same way.
And we've already seen this with functions that we've got local variables.
So this is going to be working within this block.
Because we're declaring it within the block and we no longer need this one that's sitting outside of
the block.
So now let's take that value of message and we're going to log it out into the con..
So it's going to be visible at that point.
And we're also going to return back the value of message.
And then let's go down here and let's console log out update message and then here let's pass in values.
Dujon So let's see what happens say.
Refresh the page and we get both of them.
John was here and the error here is that I'm actually not passing that parameter in there.
So let's try that again and this time it worked.
So there we go.
So we're able to update and pass that message information in and pick that up and update the value within
that string.
Pause the video and add this within a loop so set up this message have it contained within a loop and
then as it loops through update that value that's contained within the message and that put it into
the console.
So go ahead and try that out in your browser.
I'll show you the solution coming up.
So if you had an opportunity to try that.
And do you remember when you were creating your loop to use.
Let us let's use LET and let's loop through while I is less then so let's do it maybe 10 times and increment
I.
So what we want to do is we want to set up a message that's contained within here so message and we're
going to use the value of i
count.
Now and let's console log out message
let's go out and try that out and refresh
and before we run it let's add in a default value for ice or starting point for I started it at zero
refresh it.
And so there we go.
So we're able to update that value that's contained so use message kind of as a template here and update
that value of IDE that's dynamically changing and output it into the console.